If you have ever seen Hebrew printed in any sort of publication or looked at any Biblical commentary, then you probably have noticed a bunch of dots and lines underneath the letters. You might have even heard that Hebrew does not have any vowels, and that those markings were necessary to indicate the correct sound.

Hebrew, however, is a language that was handed down to mankind directly from God. He inscribed His language onto stone tablets that He handed directly to Moses. He did not include specific markings for vowels because the language was meant to be an expression of His design and creation. For this to work, it requires that the reader see the forest and the trees both. When these markings were added, it was as if everything became rigid and oppressive. A barrier was put in place that disuaded people from learning the most beautiful and perfect language. The language that God Himself designed to coexist with the minds of the humans that He created and with the world that He created. 

Then somehwere along the way someone wanted to get a foothold into the situation. Jesus mentions people who worship the Star of Remphan and the Tabernacle of Moloch. He also mentions that it is not possible to serve Him and Mammon. Just like the first four minor prophets mirror the four horsemen, the mention of these three spirits is not an accident. Revelation refers to the Accuser, the Whore, and the Abomination who get thrown into the lake of fire. It is common for people to think that God is mean and cruel to do that to someone, but what you have to know is that they are not spirits. They are containers of spirits. A fallen angel that enslaved another angel to create a hybrid that is powerful in ways that angels were not supposed to be. It is not demons that are the problem or even disobedient angels themselves. It is these resulting overpowered hybrids who gained more confidence in their ability to subvert God and to hide from Him intentionally who became the spiritual wickedness in high places that we wrestle against. 

The Star of Remphan represents a cult of people who began to worship the star that we know from the Christmas story. This particular cult is focused around symbols and glyphs as a source of power. And so when you realize that studying Hebrew in any way that includes these Masoretic markings invites some kind of evil to swoop in and take up shop in everything that you do to the point of driving you crazy, even when your focus is on God and in truly seeking Him, you can't help but assume that the Masoretes were actually a cult fueled by the spirit of Remphan. 

Moloch is associated with child sacrifice and unspeakable acts related to that, and the strange word that Paul uses, arsenokoetes, stands out as relevant to that because of the associations the word has with forcefulness and copulation. It is deprivation of someone's innocence, whether through sexual physical rape or through spiritual molestation of innocent people. 

And then there is Mammon, the personification of wealth and excess, which brings to mind the fact that the Hebrew word for that is Kebuddha. Buddha with a KE. 

These are beings who are evil in the eyes of God because in order to be who they are, they reject the Holy Spirit and choose the spirit of an enslaved angel that gives them their power. Or powers. And they do still exist. Their justification is that people need them. They cannot release those powers because there are poachers who will enslave them or capture them. And as long as they are held by these experienced and trusted beings then everything is fine until the real evil is put aside.

But then tell me why one of them shows up to support an effort to offer angels to me so that I can become a superhero? Why do they bow to me because they see Jesus Christ in me but then assume that with that as part of my own composition that I want to betray Him? How could they say that they don't know that and still justify the need to bow to me and treat me like I am the king on the throne of David if I am not? 

These arrogant mischievous garbage bags, admittedly with very beautiful but broken contents, are not any authority of anything. They do not have any legitimacy at all. They are worthless filth marked for the lake of fire. They took my love of Strong's Concordance and claimed that by studying the Masoretic markings I was worshipping Remphan, and that is how they gained their foothold into a door that they would have never been able to walk through if they had even gotten it open. They surrounded me because of that and refused to recognize God's rules, coming up with excuses instead, and when I realized today that this was all because of the "booty doo" dots, as someone referred to those markings beneath the Hebrew letters, I wanted to scream and hit something. 

Now I understand why I used to eat Dots, the candy all the time. Now I understand why someone who is good but kept getting accused of being one of them kept throwing Reese's Peanut Butter cups at me while I was trying to draw a graphic that incorporated the Name Melchizedek. Now I know why people have been so confident in their refusal to grant me human rights or even a humane existence. They thought I was trying to worship these beings, and mistook my belief that making peace in an impossible situation where I could not get away from them for allegiance or even a desire to seek them. Had I ever been given the choice, I would have chosen what Yahweh Elohim intended for me without hesitation, and I am so absolutely livid to find out that I have been living my worst nightmare all these years because of the stupid dots underneath the Hebrew letters that even I didn't want to acknowledge in the beginning. 

And to find out that because of that I was only eligible for the Black Horse if I stole it from other people, something that also got me targeted and abused by everyone around me in the situation I have been trapped in...

I have to end this now because if I dwell on it anymore I will work myself into more rage than I can handle.
